Noisebridge's Anti-Harrassment Policy
=====================================

This is a place for Noisebridge to collaborate on our anti-harassment
policy during the three-month-ish provisional period. File issues and
make pull requests, but please don't merge your own changes.

=====================================

Noisebridge is dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for
everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, sexual
orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or
religion. We do not tolerate harassment of people at our events or
space in any form.

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender,
gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability,
physical appearance, body size, race, religion, sexual images in
public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing
photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other
events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual
attention.

Users of Noisebridge should not be forced to experience sexual or 
sexualised language or imagery, so such language or imagery should be 
avoided at Noisebridge. This includes decorations & artwork; events & 
presentations; and public conversations. Private conversations of a 
graphically sexual nature should include only voluntary participants, 
and not disturb others.

There may be events at Noisebridge with a sexual focus or theme; these 
events or presentations should be clearly labeled so that those who do 
not wish to experience this sort of content may easily avoid them. It 
is the responsibility of those managing such an event to ensure that 
nobody is surprised by their eventâ€™s content. Other events should be 
free of this content.

People asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply
immediately.

People violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the
space or the event at the discretion of any Noisebridge member.
